'4th Republic' is a thrilling political procedural that chronicles Nigeria's political and electoral system in the last two decades. '4th Republic' is a long, and intriguing trip through tribunal process with an expose on the messy web of deceit, betrayal, and discord behind the scenes.



The movie tells the story of a young girl in her early thirties who keeps having her heart broken until she finally meets the “perfect” man, only to find out he may just be the worst of them all



King of Boys" follows the story of Alhaja Eniola Salami, a businesswoman and philanthropist with a checkered past and a promising political future. She is a pillar of society — loved by many, feared by most, and truly known by a select few. As her political ambitions see her outgrowing the underworld connections responsible for her considerable wealth, she's drawn into a power struggle that threatens everything she holds dear. To come out of this on top, she will need every ounce of the cunning, ruthlessness, and strategy that took her to the top, as well as the loyalty of those closest to her. But who can she really trust??




The plot of 'Knockout' tells the story of comical occurrences that took over a community after the news about a boxing competition with a cash prize of One Billion Naira ($3 Million) broke out




In order to save her father's ailing bus company, competent but perennially overlooked Adaeze must find a way to work alongside feckless uncle Godswill, in the sharp and comically observed directorial debut from Nollywood star Genevieve Nnaji. Nollywood superstar Genevieve Nnaji returns to TIFF, this time behind the camera with a directorial debut that puts a new spin on the old adage "family and business don't mix." Nnaji plays Adaeze, a level-headed executive in her father's bus company, Lionheart Transport. Time and again, Adaeze has proven her keen ability to make a profit and to manage the most heated situations. But when her father (stalwart star Pete Edochie) falls ill, both she and her rival (Kalu Egbui Ikeagwu, boosting the marquee cast) are passed over in favour of Adaeze's less-than-suave uncle, Godswill (Nkem Owoh, who lights up the screen with his comic presence). Determined to fight her way to the top, but not wanting to go against her father's wishes, Adaeze feels like the proverbial bus has left the station without her. She must quickly shift gears, however, when she and Godswill discover that Lionheart is running on fumes, financially. Together, the unlikely duo must come together to save the company and their family name. Sharply and comically observed, Nnaji's film deals with the everyday sexism that saturates workplaces everywhere, and captures the delicate balance between honouring one's family while finding the courage to strike out on one's own.







Nimbe is a story addressing the issues associated with drug abuse, some of the causes, how to identify and avoid such.
Director: Tope Alake
Writers: Ronke Gbede, Yakubu Olawale (script writer)
Stars: Doyin Abiola, Toyin Abraham, Odunlade Adekola



FOREIGN


 In Amar, A young couple experience the intensity and fragility of first love, as life events tarnish their idealised notions of romance.?


The Avengers must figure out a way to bring back their vanquished allies for an epic showdown with Thanos -- the evil demigod who decimated the planet and the universe.



Much of the magic that makes the experience of merely listening to Homecoming so vivid is in Beyoncé's voice. Doing some of her most ambitious live choreography for two hours in the desert, delivering the best vocal performance of her career.



Captain Marvel is an extraterrestrial Kree warrior who finds herself caught in the middle of an intergalactic battle between her people and the Skrulls. Living on Earth in 1995, she keeps having recurring memories of another life as U.S. Air Force pilot Carol Danvers. With help from Nick Fury, Captain Marvel tries to uncover the secrets of her past while harnessing her special superpowers to end the war with the evil Skrulls.



Nels Coxman's quiet life as a snowplow driver comes crashing down when his beloved son dies under mysterious circumstances. His search for the truth soon becomes a quest for revenge against a psychotic drug lord named Viking and his sleazy henchmen. Transformed from upstanding citizen to coldblooded vigilante, Coxman unwittingly sets off a chain of events that includes a kidnapping, a series of deadly misunderstandings and a turf war between Viking and a rival boss.




Mysterious inhumane figures -- called White Walkers -- attack the world of men 


Tired of living a solitary life in the Pacific Northwest, Mr. Link recruits fearless explorer Sir Lionel Frost (Jackman) to guide him on a journey to find his long-lost relatives in the fabled valley of Shangri-La.



We all have a superhero inside of us -- it just takes a bit of magic to bring it out. In 14-year-old Billy Batson's case, all he needs to do is shout out one word to transform into the adult superhero Shazam. Still a kid at heart, Shazam revels in the new version of himself by doing what any other teen would do -- have fun while testing out his newfound powers. But he'll need to master them quickly before the evil Dr. Thaddeus Sivana can get his hands on Shazam's magical abilities.




Accompanied by her husband, son and daughter, Adelaide Wilson returns to the beachfront home where she grew up as a child. Haunted by a traumatic experience from the past, Adelaide grows increasingly concerned that something bad is going to happen. Her worst fears soon become a reality when four masked strangers descend upon the house, forcing the Wilsons into a fight for survival. When the masks come off, the family is horrified to learn that each attacker takes the appearance of one of them.